README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Michael aka dnsmichi

I'm a [Senior Developer Evangelist at GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/company/team/#dnsmichi), diving deep into all stages of the One DevOps platform. My focus areas are Ops, Observability, SRE in cloud-native environments 🦊 

Everything I learn on my journey is shared in blog posts, talks, workshops, live streams, newsletters, public issues and social media. I'm one of the founders of the [#EveryoneCanContribute cafe](https://everyonecancontribute.com/), a social tech coffee chat to learn together 💡 

> Tip: [Add your own user profile README](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/#user-profile-readme) 💥 

## Let's learn together

- [#EveryoneCanContribute cafe meetup](https://www.meetup.com/everyonecancontribute-cafe/): Technology is moving fast in cloud-native and DevOps. Join our group to discuss the latest technology, share what you have learned, and make new friends. 
- https://o11y.love - Observability learning platform: Learn Observability - tools, resources, newsletters, workshops, and much more. Everyone can contribute!   
- https://opsindev.news - Newsletter: From Dev to Ops to DevOps, day-2-ops and challenges in cloud-native Observability Chaos - learn together with dnsmichi 

## Social Profiles

Follow me 👋 

- [@dnsmichi on Twitter](https://twitter.com/dnsmichi)
- [@dnsmichi on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dnsmichi/)
- [@dnsmichi on Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/dnsmichi)
- [Personal website dnsmichi.at](https://dnsmichi.at/)

## Talks & Activities

- [cdCon: How we build CI/CD Observability with OpenTelemetry](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12TJTRZfFIEJ_kUg1DhuXoxDIrHS2sh_wEO0BM1CyhCc/edit)
- [KubeCon EU: From Monitoring to Observability: Left Shift your SLOs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkREMg8adaI)
- [SLOconf 2022: Left Shift your SLOs with Chaos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r63vgFxrCbE)
- [Heise Academcy Workshop: Kubernetes Monitoring with Prometheus 2022](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Fx7s914OjusEb2488LaSBrbAv91Y7Kb-j-dp0pSD_i4/edit)
- [She'n'IT meetup: My story in IT: Adventures with dnsmichi](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1U4d3dkF-rxYTg4GogKAPlRjXDpx_U79U1GMMQvTad1c/edit#slide=id.p)
- [Chaos Carnival: From Monitoring to Observability: Left Shift your SLOs with Chaos](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FgoMAlaFOCQbM2yW6tVpyf7WmLNtaFoaQulJl6k20tQ/edit)

### Activities

- [Talks](https://dnsmichi.at/talks/)
- [Developer Evangelism team calendar](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/marketing/community-relations/developer-evangelism/#-team-calendar)

## Blog posts

- [Fantastic Infrastructure as Code security attacks and how to find them](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2022/02/17/fantastic-infrastructure-as-code-security-attacks-and-how-to-find-them/)
- [Monitoring Kubernetes with Prometheus and Grafana - free workshop](https://dnsmichi.at/2021/09/14/monitoring-kubernetes-with-prometheus-and-grafana-free-workshop/)
- [How to make Docker Hub rate limit monitoring a breeze](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2020/11/18/docker-hub-rate-limit-monitoring/)
- [How teams can use the Gitpod integration in GitLab to speed up their development process](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/07/19/teams-gitpod-integration-gitlab-speed-up-development/)
- [Top ten GitLab hacks for all stages of the DevOps Platform](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/10/19/top-10-gitlab-hacks/)
- [5 Great Phabricator features that inspired GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/08/13/five-great-phabricator-features-inspired-gitlab/)
- [10 tips to make you a productive GitLab user](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/02/18/improve-your-gitlab-productivity-with-these-10-tips/)
- [Tips for productive DevOps workflows: JSON formatting with jq and CI/CD linting automation](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/04/21/devops-workflows-json-format-jq-ci-cd-lint/)
- [How to use GitLab security features to detect log4j vulnerabilities](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/12/15/use-gitlab-to-detect-vulnerabilities/)


## All remote insights

- [All-remote worspace](https://dnsmichi.at/all-remote-workspace/)
- [DerStandard.at interview (German)](https://www.derstandard.de/consent/tcf/story/2000124135517/developer-evangelist-ich-bin-mein-eigener-manager)
- [Netconomy Summit: First time all-remote: Best practices from and with GitLab](https://www.polywork.com/dnsmichi/highlights/302f84f8-fe04-4809-bdd6-0025683b8b30)
- [My 1st year all-remote at GitLab](https://www.polywork.com/dnsmichi/highlights/013680c2-6479-4347-9687-e4ca637065b5)

Commit message:

Edit note; fix talk title

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Michael aka dnsmichi

I'm a [Senior Developer Evangelist at GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/company/team/#dnsmichi), diving deep into all stages of the One DevOps platform. My focus areas are Ops, Observability, SRE in cloud-native environments 🦊 

Everything I learn on my journey is shared in blog posts, talks, workshops, live streams, newsletters, public issues and social media. I'm one of the founders of the [#EveryoneCanContribute cafe](https://everyonecancontribute.com/), a social tech coffee chat to learn together 💡 

> Tip: [Add your own user profile README](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/#user-profile-readme) 💥 [Edit this page](https://gitlab.com/dnsmichi/dnsmichi/-/blob/main/README.md) 🌱 

## Let's learn together

- [#EveryoneCanContribute cafe meetup](https://www.meetup.com/everyonecancontribute-cafe/): Technology is moving fast in cloud-native and DevOps. Join our group to discuss the latest technology, share what you have learned, and make new friends. 
- https://o11y.love - Observability learning platform: Learn Observability - tools, resources, newsletters, workshops, and much more. Everyone can contribute!   
- https://opsindev.news - Newsletter: From Dev to Ops to DevOps, day-2-ops and challenges in cloud-native Observability Chaos - learn together with dnsmichi 

## Social Profiles

Follow me 👋 

- [@dnsmichi on Twitter](https://twitter.com/dnsmichi)
- [@dnsmichi on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dnsmichi/)
- [@dnsmichi on Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/dnsmichi)
- [Personal website dnsmichi.at](https://dnsmichi.at/)

## Talks & Activities

- [cdCon: How we build CI/CD Observability with OpenTelemetry](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12TJTRZfFIEJ_kUg1DhuXoxDIrHS2sh_wEO0BM1CyhCc/edit)
- [KubeCon EU: From Monitoring to Observability: Left Shift your SLOs with Chaos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkREMg8adaI)
- [SLOconf 2022: Left Shift your SLOs with Chaos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r63vgFxrCbE)
- [Heise Academcy Workshop: Kubernetes Monitoring with Prometheus 2022](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Fx7s914OjusEb2488LaSBrbAv91Y7Kb-j-dp0pSD_i4/edit)
- [She'n'IT meetup: My story in IT: Adventures with dnsmichi](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1U4d3dkF-rxYTg4GogKAPlRjXDpx_U79U1GMMQvTad1c/edit#slide=id.p)
- [Chaos Carnival: From Monitoring to Observability: Left Shift your SLOs with Chaos](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FgoMAlaFOCQbM2yW6tVpyf7WmLNtaFoaQulJl6k20tQ/edit)

### Activities

- [Talks](https://dnsmichi.at/talks/)
- [Developer Evangelism team calendar](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/marketing/community-relations/developer-evangelism/#-team-calendar)

## Blog posts

- [Fantastic Infrastructure as Code security attacks and how to find them](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2022/02/17/fantastic-infrastructure-as-code-security-attacks-and-how-to-find-them/)
- [Monitoring Kubernetes with Prometheus and Grafana - free workshop](https://dnsmichi.at/2021/09/14/monitoring-kubernetes-with-prometheus-and-grafana-free-workshop/)
- [How to make Docker Hub rate limit monitoring a breeze](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2020/11/18/docker-hub-rate-limit-monitoring/)
- [How teams can use the Gitpod integration in GitLab to speed up their development process](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/07/19/teams-gitpod-integration-gitlab-speed-up-development/)
- [Top ten GitLab hacks for all stages of the DevOps Platform](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/10/19/top-10-gitlab-hacks/)
- [5 Great Phabricator features that inspired GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/08/13/five-great-phabricator-features-inspired-gitlab/)
- [10 tips to make you a productive GitLab user](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/02/18/improve-your-gitlab-productivity-with-these-10-tips/)
- [Tips for productive DevOps workflows: JSON formatting with jq and CI/CD linting automation](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/04/21/devops-workflows-json-format-jq-ci-cd-lint/)
- [How to use GitLab security features to detect log4j vulnerabilities](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/12/15/use-gitlab-to-detect-vulnerabilities/)


## All remote insights

- [All-remote worspace](https://dnsmichi.at/all-remote-workspace/)
- [DerStandard.at interview (German)](https://www.derstandard.de/consent/tcf/story/2000124135517/developer-evangelist-ich-bin-mein-eigener-manager)
- [Netconomy Summit: First time all-remote: Best practices from and with GitLab](https://www.polywork.com/dnsmichi/highlights/302f84f8-fe04-4809-bdd6-0025683b8b30)
- [My 1st year all-remote at GitLab](https://www.polywork.com/dnsmichi/highlights/013680c2-6479-4347-9687-e4ca637065b5)
